Adding new features (#8736)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/app-that-requires-login.md

You can also ensure your credentials are securely stored and obfuscated across the application [using secured global variables](#account-security).

> <div class="alert alert-info"> Interested in testing applications sitting behind MFA? Visit the <a href="/synthetics/guide/app-that-requires-login/#multi-factor-authentication" target="_blank">below section</a> and fill that <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdjx8PDZ8kJ3MD2ehouTri9z_Fh7PoK90J8arRQgt7QFgFxog/viewform?usp=sf_link">form</a> to help us work on the systems that matter the most to your teams.</div>

Reviewer: same suggestions

Author: Done!

If your MFA process involves steps performed outside of the browser, such as voice, text message, or opening a mobile application, also consider reaching out to your MFA provider to ask if your MFA settings could be modified or if MFA could be turned off when [identifying requests as coming from Synthetic browser tests][3] (for example, for a specific set of credentials, Synthetic tests specific headers, etc.) for testing purposes.
Depending on the type of MFA leveraged by your application, [JavaScript steps][4] could help to work around that.

> <div class="alert alert-info">We are constantly adding features to help you record test scenarios more easily. Help us work on the MFA systems that matter the most to you by filling that <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdjx8PDZ8kJ3MD2ehouTri9z_Fh7PoK90J8arRQgt7QFgFxog/viewform?usp=sf_link">form</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">We are constantly adding features to help you record test scenarios more easily. Help us work on the MFA systems that matter the most to you by <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdjx8PDZ8kJ3MD2ehouTri9z_Fh7PoK90J8arRQgt7QFgFxog/viewform?usp=sf_link">sending us feedback</a>.</div>
```
